Retail tech review - images and installation (#863)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/retail/pages/retail-install-unified.adoc

{smr} 4.0 is a {suse} base product.
This section describes how to install {smr} from {sles} installation media with the Unified Installer.

> Before you begin installation, ensure you are familiar with xref:installation:general-requirements.adoc[general requirements].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you begin the installation, check that your environment meets the requirements at xref:installation:general-requirements.adoc[].
```

== Installing {smr}

> .Procedure: Installing {smr} Server from DVD Image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Procedure: Installing {smr} Server from a DVD Image
```

Review the settings and click btn:[Install].

> .Procedure: Configuration and registering of the Branch Server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Procedure: Configuring and Registering the Branch Server
```

. Create an activation key based on the [systemitem]``SLE-Product-SUSE-Manager-Retail-Branch-Server-4.0-Pool`` base channel.
For more information about activation keys, see xref:client-configuration:clients-and-activation-keys.adoc[Creating Activation Key].

> . From the [guimenu]``Child Channels`` listing select the recommended

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the [guimenu]``Child Channels`` listing, select the recommended channels by clicking the ``include recommended`` icon:
```

Author: I'll change it in my changes, but this is copy paste (with modified channel list) from https://github.com/SUSE/doc-susemanager/blob/master/modules/installation/pages/proxy-registration.adoc#suse-manager-proxy-registration

Reviewer: Yeah, even tech writers write badly sometimes ;)

> channels by clicking the ``include recommended`` icon:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

+
* SLE-Module-Basesystem15-SP1-Pool for x86_64 SMRBS 4.0
* SLE-Module-Basesystem15-SP1-Updates for x86_64 SMRBS 4.0
* SLE-Module-Server-Applications15-SP1-Pool for x86_64 SMRBS 4.0
* SLE-Module-Server-Applications15-SP1-Updates for x86_64 SMRBS 4.0
* SLE-Product-SUSE-Manager-Retail-Branch-Server-4.0-Updates for x86_64

> . With this activation key created, continue with step 3 of the {susemgrproxy} registration at xref:installation:proxy-registration[].

Reviewer: I can see this going awry. Can we organise this differently to avoid the "step 3" bit?

Author: I can copy paste the rest of proxy registration procedure. Branch Server is essentially Proxy, just with different channels. The configuration is exactly the same.

Reviewer: Hrm, I'm not a fan of duplication, either. Can we split the first two steps off for branch server and proxy, then make the remainder for both?

Reviewer: Or, list the differences for each in one procedure

Author: The difference to proxy configuration is that different channels are used for branch servers.

So I can start the procedure with:

> Branch server is based on {susemgrproxy} and the registration procedure is almost the same.
> Use this procedure to create activation key for the branch server. Then use created activation key in usual {susemgrproxy} registration procedure as described at xref:installation:proxy-registration[].

Or finish the procedure with:

> Use this activation key in {susemgrproxy} registration as instructed at xref:installation:proxy-registration[].

[WARNING]

> .{smr} salt requirement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

====

> Do not configure the branch server as a traditionally managed proxy. Salt client approach must be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not configure the branch server as a traditionally managed proxy. 
The branch server must be configured as a Salt client.
```

====

[NOTE]

> .Cobbler and {smr}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Review the settings and click btn:[Install].

.Procedure: Configuring and Registering the Branch Server
. Create an activation key based on the [systemitem]``SLE-Product-SUSE-Manager-Retail-Branch-Server-4.0-Pool`` base channel.

> For more information about activation keys, see xref:client-configuration:clients-and-activation-keys.adoc[Creating Activation Key].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about activation keys, see xref:client-configuration:clients-and-activation-keys.adoc[].
```
We want to derive this text from the heading of the xref'ed file.

. In the [guimenu]``Child Channels`` listing, select the recommended channels by clicking the ``include recommended`` icon:
+
* SLE-Module-Basesystem15-SP1-Pool for x86_64 SMRBS 4.0
* SLE-Module-Basesystem15-SP1-Updates for x86_64 SMRBS 4.0
* SLE-Module-Server-Applications15-SP1-Pool for x86_64 SMRBS 4.0
* SLE-Module-Server-Applications15-SP1-Updates for x86_64 SMRBS 4.0
* SLE-Product-SUSE-Manager-Retail-Branch-Server-4.0-Updates for x86_64
. With this activation key created, continue with step 3 of the {susemgrproxy} registration at xref:installation:proxy-registration[].

[WARNING]
====
Do not configure the branch server as a traditionally managed proxy.
The branch server must be configured as a Salt client.
====

[NOTE]
====
Cobbler is not currently supported within {smr} environments.
If you intend to use your installation with {smr} formulas, do not configure Cobbler on the {smr} branch server.
====

== Installing {susemgr} Build Host

> Build hosts are regular {sles} installations registered to {susemgr} as salt minions. For more information how to install and register salt minions to {susemgr} see xref:client-configuration:registration-overview.adoc[].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Build hosts are regular {sles} installations registered to {susemgr} as salt minions.
For more information how to install and register salt minions to {susemgr}, see xref:client-configuration:registration-overview.adoc[].
```
